Connor LoPresti


1. 
For this prompt, I will be pretend to be someone working from DigitalOcean. The pretext being that I already know his server is running through this company so it sounds legit. In addition, I will be calling him on the phone number that he used to create the account, and bring up his usernames and server information to make myself seem more legit. This is the only way I can see myself reasonably asking for his ATM pin without being too suspicious (although if you are giving away your pin that's a different issue). I can say that there is some sort of problem with the payment system and that we are going to have to shut down the service if payment isn't received. This will come as a surprise since there should be no issue on his end with payment. I will make it look like the bank is at fault. I'll talk up how I can get the systems administrator to fix the payment info and contact the bank if needed. I will throw in how my mothers funeral is later today so I need to leave soon, but am dedicated to helping him solve this issue. When talking about my mother I will bring up heritage and ask him about his mother. Prompting at some point for their last name to guess heritage. In some more minor conversation I will talk a bit about my fake pet. prompting if they have/had any pets will naturally get info about names. I will pretend that my systems administrator got back to me and is requesting his pin and city of birth to confirm his identity for the bank. I will do this while confirming that we are legit by talking about his account and stating his account username and physical address. at this point I can say that there is a chance his account info got stolen and ask a few questions related to that. One of which would be the browser that he uses.


2.
The first issue would be the port vulnerability. nmap was the tool used to find open ports but there are others like it. To stop attacks like these, a service can be implemented that detects the number of incoming requests and blocks them if they exceed an appropriate amount. A good firewall and intrusion prevention system (IPS) can do this and white-list users for certain ports. 
The next issue would be his password. Having a strong password is a necessity. I recommend just using a stronger password. Ideally it would have uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and symbols. More importantly however is the length. the longer the password is, the more time it would take to use a pure brute force method. That being said, reusing the same password can turn one vulnerable system into many. A password manager can help alleviate the need to remember multiple complex passwords. 
The third vulnerability that I recommend fixing is social media. OSINT works great on people who have a lot of online information about themselves. Social media makes this even easier since many websites have profiles set to public as default. By making your profile private or invite only, you can control exactly who sees your content and information about you. This will make it harder for people to try and impersonate you while still allowing your friends and family to stay in touch. 

